Look at Dong Fansheng's enthusiasm for women
They must be having an affair
Young master in front of the dignified family
To be trampled on the head by this kind of thing
Ok you Dong Fansheng
You wait for me.
Wait until I see Miss Shangguan
Punish you severely
Ye Feng
Don't think that someone is supporting you now
Don't hesitate to be a mistress for a mistress
Are you really going back the more you live?
Primary three
If you don't know, you don't have to do it yourself.
Don't think I don't know
That slut's relationship with Dong Fansheng
Can you hide from me
He, Dong Fansheng, is a dog of the Shangguan family
What if he ruins my membership card?
Wait until I see Miss Shangguan and tell him this
Not only to restore my membership
I also want him, Dong Fansheng, to kneel down and kowtow to me and apologize.
Don't think that you are relying on a mistress to support you now
You can be arrogant here
I look down on you more and more
Yongning Club is just a small club
Migrant workers like you can get in for a little money
Only to meet Miss Shangguan
Dusty flower feast
Is the real
High class cocktail party
The real high-class drinks are by invitation
Only people with a head and face like Qian Shao
To be invited
Of course I can also participate
But you
You'll be shut out forever
Well, it's not that you eat some steamed buns
Drinking cold water can make up the difference
You'd better go back and live your poor life. Go
Hello, please wait at home tomorrow.
I'll pick you up in person